Gnats
=====

Gnats are an intelligent species of large insect that are loosely based on
exoiiag gnats. They are omnivores that tend towards plants and fungi as their
primary food source. The have six appendages, three on each side of their
thorax. The are often all used as legs, but foremost two, and in some social
classes the foremost four, can be used as arms would be. When standing on six
legs they are typically about 2-3 feet tall, when standing on two legs, they can
be up to about 7 feet tall.

Culture
-------

From a societal perspective gnats are typically divided into three primary
classes. There is the religious class which exists parallel to the military
class, and there is the common class which exists below both. Though the
military class and the religious class exists in overlord as equals, the generals
of the military class typically have final say. Gnats are typically belong to an
associative society known as a *ghost*. Each ghost typically has one or a small
number of overlords that

The military class contains all officerial persons relating to the martial
disciplines. Conscripts, the common soldier of a gnat army, are typically still
considered equal in class to a common gnat. The highest ranking gnat of a ghost
is referred to as the *overlord*. There is typically one overlord in a ghost,
though some larger ghosts have been seen to have a multitude, though rarely any
more than a small handful. Below the overlord is the *underlord*, often simply
called a *lord*. Lords control a company of gnats and have proved themselves
worthy in battle to the overlord, who appoints them manually. (TODO, expand this
hierarchy)

Then there is the religious class, which contains in essence two subclasses, the
lower *fbir* and the higher *fBR*. The fbir are those who have be initiated into
the gnatly priest class and typically are responsible for duties such as the
education of common gnats -in both religious and secular affairs-, divination as
to minor affairs, and everyday ceremonial duties. The fBR are former fbir whom
have been ordained by another fBR in a cermony known as fBRgnaf or gnaffBR. They
typically take on the responsibility of managing fbir, undertaking more notable
divination and ceremonial affairs, and advisory roles to overlords and sometimes
lords in larger ghosts.

Common gnats contain all those who are neither of the other two classes, and can
vary in profession, but are typically found to occupy labour oriented fields.
Those who occupy craftsmen positions can be considered to have a higher subclass
than other common gnats, but the lines are more soft than those between the
subclasses of the other gnat classes.
